Plugin error handling (#17)
Brainicism/bgutil-ytdlp-pot-provider: README.md

> If using option (b) script for the provider, you need to pass extractor arguments including the path to the generation script for each yt-dlp call. Make sure to point to the transpiled version, `server/build/generate_once.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using option (b) script for the provider, you need to pass the extractor argument `getpot_bgutil_script` to `youtube` for each yt-dlp call. The argument should include the path to the transpiled generation script (`server/build/generate_once.js`). E.g. `--extractor-args "youtube:getpot_bgutil_script=$WORKSPACE/bgutil-ytdlp-pot-provider/server/build/generate_once.js"`
```
(please also remove the codeblock below if taking this suggestion)
maybe?
